Document KV v2 snapshot recovery support (#2838)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x/content/partials/sysadmin/snapshots/secret-restore/verify/api.mdx

    "auth": null,
    "mount_type": "kv"
}
```

> For a key/value version 2 plugin, the secret is nested under `data.data`, with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a key/value version 2 plugin, Vault nests the secret under `data.data`, with
```
